Call for participation

Blockchain industry day @ Middleware'19: First International Blockchain Industry Day on Blockchains
and Distributed Ledger Technologies @ ACM Middleware 2019. 

Davis, USA. December 8, 2019
https://blockchain-day.github.io/

OBJECTIVES:

The objective of this one-day workshop is to connect blockchain professionals with academic
researchers and discuss the state-of-the-art in the industrial and commercial deployment of
blockchain systems and DLTs. Furthermore, this workshop will also examine the latest innovations in
blockchain research, and challenges to address in order to improve the usability and adoption of
blockchains.

The workshop is designed for wide audience of industrial and academic participants, with varying
familiarity with blockchain technologies. The workshop will feature a combination of industry
keynotes and talks, as well as discussion panels. Furthermore, the talks will range from
applications and experiences using DLTs to theoretical, technical, and system-oriented topics.

STRUCTURE:

We are soliciting participants to present their work at the workshop. We are 
looking for (but are not limited to) the following types of talks:

1) Presentations on the design, implementation, and evaluation of novel use
cases and decentralized applications for blockchains in an industrial context
2) Presentations on adoption roadmap, technical and non-technical barriers for commercial usage of
blockchains
3) Presentations on system research and development
4) Presentations of vision/blue-sky topics or position papers
5) Presentations on non-technical commercial aspects related to blockchains (e.g. 
cryptocurrency mining, exchanges, etc.)

TOPICS OF INTEREST (not limited to):

Cryptography mechanisms for blockchains
Application domains for blockchains (e.g., eHealth, IoT, supply chains, real estate, etc.)
Scalability and performance of blockchain systems
Security, privacy, and trust in blockchains
Consensus mechanisms (e.g., Proof-of-work, Proof-of-stake, PBFT, Merkle DAG, etc.)
On-going research in popular blockchain systems (e.g. Ethereum, Hyperledger, etc.)
Layer 2 and off-chain solutions (e.g., State channels, Plasma)
Smart contract languages, modeling, and verification
Theory, cryptoeconomy, and attacks of blockchain systems

SUBMISSION INFORMATION:

Please submit an abstract and speaker biography to the workshop chair: kaiwen.zhang@etsmtl.ca.

The submission deadline is: October 31st, 2019.
